Thanks for coming.
[Indistinct Conversations]
NOTE This is a comment and must be preceded by a blank line
Pam Cosso!
Sorry I'm late. I had to race across town.
[Pam:] Oh, Michael..
[Michael:] Wow!
You did these freehand?
Yep.
My god. These could be tracings.
Oh, look at this line.
Wow.
You nailed it.
How much?
What do you mean?
I don't see a price.
Umm..
,you wanna buy it?
Well, yeah.
Yeah. We have to have it for the office.
I mean, there's my window
and there's my car.
Is that your car?
Uhhuh.
That is our building
and we sell paper.
I'm really proud of you.
Thank you.
[Pam:] Do you have something in your pocket?
Chunky.
Do I have
No thank you.
It is a message.
It is an inspiration.
It is a source of beauty,
and without paper it could not have happened
unless you had a camera.